---
title: Dtk Glossary
permalink: /glossary
---

# Dtk Terminology

Below is some basic terminology that is used throughout the DTK framework and documentation.

### Node

A Node is computer entity that is deployed or is staged. It could be a cloud instance, physical machine, virtual machine, container, etc.

### Target

A Target is a deployment environment (e.g. An EC2 region or security group, a logical data center deployment end point, physical rack.). A user can have one or more targets. Each node is located in a Target.  Within a target, there can be deployed nodes (also called realized or instantiated nodes) and staged nodes.  

### Node Template

A Node Template is a logical description that is instantiated to create a node. As an example using EC2 as a Provider, a node template like "Centos6.4" could be used that corresponds to a set of equivalent Centos6.4 base AMIs for a set of EC2 regions.

### Components

Within a node there are one or more Components. A Component is defined as a functional unit something something...

### Modules

Module blah blah... 

### Component DSL

The Component DSL is a description language provided by the DTK to specify components

### Assembly

An Assembly is a template that captures the structure and topology of an application or service.  It is composed of nodes, components and links to capture the topology and other interrelations between components. An Assembly points to the components in the component modules it is using as well as a set of node templates.

### Assembly DSL

The Assembly DSL is a description language provided by the DTK to specify Service designs and topologies

### Workflow

A Workflow describes the temporal ordering for a plan that deploys, upgrades, scales, tears down, etc a service or assembly.  Each workflow is associated with an Assembly. The DTK automatically generates Workflows as you perform Assembly and Component actions in the system.  Users can also create Workflows from scratch, and modify auto-generated Workflows.

### Workflow DSL

The Workflow DSL  is a description language provided by the DTK to specify Workflows related to Assembly designs.

### Service Instance

A Service Instance is a deployed or staged service or application. It is generated by staging an assembly from a service module and is deployed in a specified or default target.

### Service Catalog

A Service Catalog is a repository where services are located for users. When a DTK instance is set up and ready to use, customers have two catalogs at their disposal to look for available Services:

* Remote Service Catalog: located in a space accessible and shared by several users over the network
* Local Service Catalog: located within the same user local environment

### DTK Client

The DTK Client..
